hey guys welcome back to my channel as
you see I'm filming in a different
location today but that's nonetheless um
so today's video is I wanted to give you
guys a review on the free trust braids
101 yes that's something to give you the
four one one one this 101 so if you
would like to see a review on this hair
I would love for you to stay tuned and
we'll be right back
[Music]
hey guys welcome back so I told you I
was going to give you the four one one
or free trip rate 101 so let me tell you
first off someone in my hometown must
have been watching my video honey
because when I went to do supply store
to purchase some chair she said I want
you to do a review on this hair from me
she said it's already on professor
pre-cut cream layer pre-stretched
so I was like you know what sells this
to me she gave me a great discount woman
um but as you see they were selling it
for $2.99
so with my good discount I saw there's
no problem I was definitely trying so
you guys I tried this quick and easy
ready to install preachers hair now let
me tell you overall I love the concept I
love the fact that if it's bands
together in two different bundles
although the fact that it's already
cooked and I'm not supposed to do
anything but install it into my science
hair well let me tell you I'm gonna give
you all to do before I give you the bad
okay
the texture of course we know preachers
to be a brand that has top-quality
synthetic hair so this hair of course it
falls right in line with the rest of
their hair it's a great quality hair
it's filled just like human hair if you
love little bit like this if you love
their crochet hair or their track hair
you will definitely love the texture of
this hair it's very easy it didn't
tangle I didn't have a whole lot of
shedding so that's one quality that I
love now I know somebody is going to ask
me okay well um miss target now I know
um that this is supposed to be a load
off from expression stairs so how many
what I need of this Harris to equal one
path of expression tear I got you honey
I've got you another I got you
so if you're used to cut edge
expressions hair into 4 into on 4
section this you will need 2 of these
packs to equal one type of expression if
you use if you using a pack of
expressions and you're used to cutting
in 3 you're going to need a pack at one
bundle of this ok just wanted to let you
know that so depending upon how you're
used to cutting your expression hair is
going to determine um how many packs of
this you use so once again if you're
used to using expression there then this
hair right here I also use the guy on
the shrimp you would love the texture
overall the colors match up this
particular pack is the number of one um
and in fact fantastic with my findings
who is a number one and Taniya actually
uses the number two so it is a true
number two ok you know how you get some
packs and if you lighter a darker this
match true to the color okay that's
another thing and I thought that I just
love the fact that you're supposed to
take it out be able to breathe it um it
was easy to manage it was easy to blend
it with the natural hair because it has
the natural hair feel to it um it set
beautifully in hot water when you dip it
in the hot water it was beautiful but
now I told you I was gonna tell you the
real for one one so that's all of this
about it well y'all let me show you if
you think this
out of the pack and Brady as is oh honey
your braids is going to unravel I'm just
going to be honest with you if you sexy
and you start you have that section and
you put that breathe in
it will unravel so you're either if you
use Nestle you're definitely going to
need some nail glue if you do slip knot
you're definitely going to need to let
knot or it says it's the posted speeds
of up to two hours no prep needed well
let me tell you the truth you see these
ends right here
you might have to stretch this just a
little bit more it orders to get it if
you're one of those type of people who
braid all the way down you don't do no
not in or anything of the sort
you're definitely going to need to
stretch this hair just a tad bit more so
that is one of the cons that's something
that I don't have time for um that just
took some time to do because I had to go
through and stretch as I go it wasn't
that bad but it just I like smooth
sailing so that would be the only my
only issue with this freighters hair is
the fact that it does need to be
stretched a little bit more you get you
get away with stretching one side but it
does need to be stretched a little bit
more so you do not have to worry about
your braids unraveling other than that
you guys would I recommend this hair my
answer is absolutely I will recommend
using this hair and definitely if you're
one of those active people who uses um
expression tears to do kind of like
there are small box braids but they're
not braided all the way down so it kind
of gives the end
lots of micro loop this hair is destined
we for you okay guys so I just wanted to
tell you this hair is also let me just
go ahead and put it this video this is
not a sponsored video okay this video I
purchased this hair with my own money
yes I got a discount from the beauty
supply store but I still fit my own
money to purchase it now when we hit
1000 subscribers I will be giving this
hair away plus I will be doing a review
on another hair on my free trust it's
called free trip africanus I will be
giving that hair away I will be doing a
big overall giveaway of nothing but
braiding hair so if you have not
subscribed go ahead and click cause I
don't want you to miss this giveaway but
again this is not sponsored so yes we
purchased it and I definitely have more
packs because it might you might love it
you know I don't and I like it but you
might love it so I definitely want to
give this away to some of my subscribers
and so we hit 1000 subbies then I will
be doing the biggest gift away once
well let me absolutely have I'll do
possibly two winners and I'll talk about
some hair if you do hair and you have
fun this you definitely won't be let
down okay and this is one of the packs
that I will um be given away or at least
not this particular fact because it's
open but you will be giving packs of
this hair in different colors okay I
love you guys and you know what I always
say thank you for watching this channel
wouldn't be what it is without each and
every one of you I thank you for taking
time
support my channels to help me grow and
to help us reach the next level so I'm
your girl latina hair braided right and
you know what I'm about to say until
next time happy breathing bye
[Music]